Below is the monthly ikigai feedback given by all the team mates to Ajinkya who is working as a Senior consultant in Devon software pvt ltd. Ajinkya works in a scrum team.

April 2024
Going well :
Well handling email gateway project	
Providing technical support across the Transformers and Titans teams + 3	
Mentoring team for the technical growth 	
Leads with example +1	
Helping the team level up technically	
Good blog - CQRS +3	
Thanks for always removing roadblocks and empowering the team to work independently.	

Areas to focus
Suggestion - Try to schedule a KT session to share knowledge acquired with Email Gateway	
Help juniors for setting SMART goal in Q2 +1 	

May 2024
Going well :
Made a very good progress on notification engine in EG +2	
Created the diagram and given a good presentataion to Jeroen +2	
Attending system design training 	
Helped QA for UI test cases	
Good demo on how to use GitHub Copilot for development!	
Proactiveness in sharing acquired knowledge with the team +1	
Your continuous guidence for daily development tasks has been a game-changer for the team. And those demos are flawless.	
Provides technical support to the team wherever necessary

Areas to focus
Going well :
For future HR Native PBIs, additional support is needed to implement Exception and Successor functionalities along with Leave Type.	
Continue to mentor juniors for the new role and Quarterly goal	

June 2024
Going well :
Great intitative with Successor & Extensions. It has helped us immensely in building trust with Exact		
Good job with the successor POC		
A real team player		
Shows others how it's done.		
Congrats on finishing your goals ahead of time +2		
Great showcase of prowess as developer with successors and exceptions.		
Has a magic wand! Successor POC came as a shocker. Great work!		
A crucial asset to the team.		
Good job on helping to test Flex API + 1		

July 2024
Going well :
Demonstrated excellent analysis and problem solving skills in the face of complicated tasks +1		
Good job with the successor & exception POC - demonstrates your technical  acumen +1		
A good team player, supports the team wherever necessary +2		
Great job on the Successor POC! The client was impressed with your demo.		
Thank you for helping us finalize the quarterly goals.		
Set a role by completing all quarterly goal on time		
Congratulations for the system design certification & DevOps foundation + 2		

August 2024
Going well :
Solo heading and developing all key features for Successors and Exceptions + 2
Somehow still has enough bandwidth to take up another project from another team.
Really good in time management, can find bandwidth for multiple projects
A top-notch solo performer and great team player
Very good functional KT session. +1
Thanks for helping with Successor PBI
Excellent planning and execution for the Successor PBI + 1

Areas to focus:
Delegating Successors and Exceptions is hard so you can just leave all the grunt work to us
You’re doing great, but don’t hesitate to ask for help when needed.

September 2024
Congrats on Promotion +2		
Successful work with the successors. +1		
		
Good hunger for integrating AI with SDLC		
Great work completing development for successors.		
		
Well executed successor development plan		
Good estimation skills, that helped Jafer provide the Q4 estimates to the client.		
Great work in handling Successors in the demo. Appreciation from Dennis speaks about the impact		
Congrats on Promotion +2		
Successful work with the successors. +1		
		
Good hunger for integrating AI with SDLC		
Great work completing development for successors.		
		
Well executed successor development plan		
Good estimation skills, that helped Jafer provide the Q4 estimates to the client.		
Great work in handling Successors in the demo. Appreciation from Dennis speaks about the impact	

Areas to focus
Reserve some bandwidth for bugs that will come back from successors.	
Continue to mentor the team members	
Dont put rohits petproject or Dynamics365 project over HRnative XD	

October 2024:
Efficiently managed tasks between successors, exceptions and weird build failures		
Good job on demo without panic + 1		
Well exacuted Successor development and release plan + 1		
Good work on IKIGAI Insights , First to take initaitive		
Appreciate your effort for AI initiative		
Good job on inspiring other team mebers to learn technical things including AI & code review + 1 	
Successfully handled all the demos for Successors and Exceptions +1

November 2024:
Good job on completing exceptions development.  +1		
Handles situation well when something weird happens during client demo call + 1		
		
Observed considerable improvement in demonstration and presentation skills. + 1		
Well planned & executed the Exception development		
Good job completing exceptions before taking long leave. + 1		
Providing good support for the developers for completeing their PBI, helping us to achive the sprint goa	
Areas to focus:
Please focus on Quarterly goal	
Make progress on our AI initiative	